---
layout: post
title: CFP is OPEN
description: "SEVillage CFP is OPEN"
category: articles
modified: 2018-01-15
permalink: /articles/cfp-open-nullcon-2018
comments: false
share: false
---

The wait is over. Call For Papers for SE Village (NullCon 2018) is OPEN. 


<center><u><h1><a href='mailto:sevillagenullcon@gmail.com'>Submit To CFP</a></h1></u></center>

> Earn your speaking slot by sharing your research/tool/innovation around social engineering with us. An eminent team of experts will be reviewing your proposed paper and will select the best from the lot. So, are you Game?

Below is a list of suggested topics for the submission:

* Advanced Social Engineering Techniques
* Application in Red Team Attacks (Real life examples and case studies) 
* OSINT Techniques
* Tool Demo (Created by You for SE/OSINT)
* Advanced Client-Side Exploitation
* Physical Pen Testing
* Rise of the Machines (Social Engineering AI, ML & IoT) 
* Hacking the hacker: Social Engineering for defending the perimeter

**Note**: *The topic for submission should be around social engineering or application of the same (both offensive and defensive techniques are welcome).*

Please send a mail to *[sevillagenullcon at gmail dot com]* with following information:

> Presentation Info:

1. Abstract: This goes on website, so a summarized version of your work.
2. Complete details: This includes detailed information about your work. 
3. Are you releasing a tool? (Please submit link to source code in this case).
4. Hands-On Demo: Are you going to demonstrate something?
5. Time Required: How much time do you need?
6. Have you presented this in any other conferences/villages?

> Speaker Info

1. Full Name
2. Handle 
3. Email ID (Be assured, this will remain only with us.)
4. Contact Number (We need your number for speaker ops)
5. Twitter 

**Note:** *Please do not submit to SE Village if you are not already planning to attend NullCon 2018 as we are unable to provide any speaker assistance in terms of NullCon Pass / Travel or any accommodation expenses.*

<center><u><h1><a href='mailto:sevillagenullcon@gmail.com'>Submit To CFP</a></h1></u></center>



